I bet we're having another
meeting until midnight.
Wish someone would lose their shit
and ruin the meeting.
What is a meeting?
I don't even know anymore.
This endless run of meetings
is starting to fray everyone's nerves.
Including mine, to be honest.
Thankfully for me,
I have the ultimate pick-me-up:
if I line up at Super S's register two,
I get to see Yamada-san's smile!
Not here tonight, huh?
Thank you! Come again!
Wow, perfect timing!
Let me ring you up.
Welcome.
I-If you would, please.
Sure thing. Do you have your point card?
Here.
Thank you.
Here's your card back.
Sir?
Yes?
That'll be 883 yen.
Oh, right.
I'm so grateful she still serves me, even
after I embarrassed myself like that.
I was the only one who took it too
seriously! I'm such a fool! A moron!
Please allow me to keep shopping with you!
Spend all your money here!
The client's not responding
to the apology email I sent them.
I'll never see my family again.
I'm going to die...
sitting next to this old dude.
Oh, shush, you.
Wait, why are you even doing overtime?
Fixing up the newbie's spreadsheet.
Is she taking advantage of you?
A rookie shouldn't be handling
this work to begin with.
It was the chief, wasn't it?
He's the one who believes in
throwing them in at the deep end.
I say he can believe in that
after he cleans up their messes!
Well, we can't complain.
The rookie's the one who has it hardest.
Just look at this spreadsheet.
There's no doubt she made it
to the best of her ability.
Besides, I have my pick-me-up!
Welcome!
This isn't enough to get me down.
Hey, it's Mister Big Fan over here.
Ack!
Gah! I undid all the fixes I made!
We're partying all night!
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
And she wasn't here.
The universe is telling me off for looking
to another person for a pick-me-up.
Maybe I should pick up some kind of hobby.
Sasaki-san.
'Sup?
I'm the only one in the smoking
area now. Wanna join me?
Tayama-san!
I've been wanting to talk to you!
How could you tell Yamada-san
to her face that I'm a fan of hers?
I've been dying of embarrassment
every time I've lined up for her since.
Yeah, and you still do it.
Where is she even watching from?
Sorry I did you like that, Sasaki-san.
But it made Yamada-san really happy.
She said as much, remember?
I've lived too long
to take that at face value, okay?
Yeah? So, is that all you wanted
to talk to me about?
Oh, and also...
For you, if you'd like.
As thanks for letting me
smoke here the other night.
Hey, I know these.
You recognize Yummy
Mochi Chips? I love them.
They're really popular
with the senior citizens.
So now I'm entering gramps territory.
I've been wanting to try them,
so thanks, Sasaki-san.
Well, don't just stand around.
Have a seat and smoke one.
Oh? My elderly taste actually worked out?
Tayama-san's always
subverting expectations!
I just finished my shift,
and I'm feeling peckish.
Don't eat more than half.
You don't want to go
to bed feeling all stuffed.
I left my smokes at work.
I don't have any on me.
You can have mine, then.
I can't just bum off you.
Here, smoke this one.
Tayama-san...
If you'd rather eat
the chips instead, just say so.
Hey, you're really perceptive.
Do you enjoy messing
with this old guy or something?
Very much so.
Yeah, I figured!
I can't help it. You're my pick-me-up.
Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
It's the same deal as why you line up
at Yamada-san's register.
You're poking fun at me again.
I swear I've never messed with
Yamada-san like you're doing to me.
Do you not get it?
We all get our little pick-me-ups
in different ways.
So quit sulking,
and come again, Sasaki-san.
I'll have you know I am not sulking!
Morning.
Did you hash it out with the client?
You betcha. My highly honed
apology skills came in handy.
Were you the one who brought
these mochi chips?
How'd you know?
Don't be silly. Do you have any idea
how many times you've fed me these?
Oh...
Once you start, you can't stop.
They go well with booze, too.
Go ahead and take the bag home.
Yeah, you bet I will!
But how do you have so many?
Did you actually buy them
in bulk or something?
I keep buying them
when I go to the supermarket.
I forgot I had some at home,
so I ended up with extras.
Wha? Just quit buying them, then.
But then I wouldn't have anything
to buy at the supermarket.
Then just don't go
to the damn supermarket!
Welcome.
These chips you always buy
sure are good, aren't they?
Huh? Do you like them too, Yamada-san?
I do. I only found out recently, though.
I got given some, and I really liked them.
Now I keep snacking on them.
Someone gave her some... recently?
Mochi chips yummy.
Wait, could it be?
Are Yamada-san and Tayama-san...
really good friends?
Let's have these.
Wow, thanks!
Hay fever, Yamada-chan?
Nah. I just get the feeling some dense
geezer out there's daydreaming about me.